chore: Update ai-api clients (#170)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/yellow-mails-exist.md

---
'@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api': minor
---

> [Improvement] Add a function `kubesubmitV4ResourceQuotaGetDeploymentQuota()` in `DeploymentApi`to get details about quota and usage for deployments. Additionally create two new types `BckndDeploymentQuotaItem` and `BckndDeploymentResourceQuotaResponse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Improvement] Add `kubesubmitV4ResourceQuotaGetDeploymentQuota()` function in `DeploymentApi` to get details about quota and usage for deployments. Additionally introduce two new types `BckndDeploymentQuotaItem` and `BckndDeploymentResourceQuotaResponse`.
```
